---
layout: post
title:  "Research Log 001 - Hello there"
date:   2020-08-07 07:54:41 +1000
categories: introduction  
---
Hello there!

I’ve been researching online learning over the last year.

I’m looking into how designing a recipe for building code puzzles can help students teach themselves to become better programmers. They also get to give the puzzles they create to other students so they can learn from them as well!

We know student led teaching is really good at motivating people but my research is looking into how we can do it online.

Puzzles seem like a really good way to test people's problems solving skills and they’re something that can be done online.
By looking at what makes a good puzzle, I give the recipe to students who know a bit programming. They use it to make puzzles about a code concept e.g. Arrays or Canvas Transformation. Then they give the puzzles to first timers so they're guided through the concept by the more experienced student.

When you give students the skills to teach, you create greater potential for knowledge distribution. More effective puzzles means greater potential for effective learning. The hypothesis is the combination of these two factors will create a more engaging learning experience.

This recipe is a form of meta design; the design of design frameworks (super meta!).

The thesis I'm writing tells a story about what makes a good puzzle, what makes a good puzzle recipe and what sort of effects meta design has on the students making the puzzles and the students completing them.

So yeah. That’s the general outline of what’s going on. keep an eye out for more stuff on research techniques and a bit of the behind the scenes nonsense I’ve been up to in my studies. Until next time!
